Update workshop to v1 of SDK (#330)
KILTprotocol/docs: sdk/02_tutorial/05_issuer/03_issue_credential.md

## Fetch CType

The [CTypeHUB](https://ctypehub.galaniprojects.de) is a repository of useful CTypes, but there are others. This tutorial uses a CType from [the test CTypeHUB](https://test.ctypehub.galaniprojects.de). You can also create your own CTypes.

Fetch a CType using the `fetchFromChain` method, passing the `$id` of the CType you want to fetch.

## Create and issue credential

Next the Issuer creates and issues a credential based on the CType using the `createCredential` method, setting their DID as the issuer and the fields and values to add into the credential.

Finally, issue the credential using the `issue` method passing the newly created credential.

<TsJsBlock>
  {issueCredential}
</TsJsBlock>

<TsJsBlock>

```typescript
export async function runAll() {
  …
  const credential = await issueCredential(
    issuerDid.didDocument,
    issuerDid.signers,
    submitterAccount
  )
}
```

</TsJsBlock>

## Run code

<Tabs groupId="ts-js-choice">
  <TabItem value='ts' label='Typescript' default>

  ```bash
  yarn ts-node ./index.ts
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value='js' label='Javascript' default>

  ```bash
  node ./index.js
  ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Before you can verify Credentials, you need a <span className="label-role holder">Holder</span> to request it.

Reviewer: the whole requesting a credential is not really relevant any more, but how's that to lead into the next topic

```suggestion
Before we learn how to verify Credentials, we'll see how the Credential <span className="label-role holder">Holder</span> retains control over their data by deciding what attributes they reveal in a Credential Presentation.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Before you learn how to verify Credentials, you'll see how the Credential <span className="label-role holder">Holder</span> retains control over their data by deciding what attributes they reveal in a Credential Presentation.
```

The [CTypeHUB](https://ctypehub.galaniprojects.de) is a repository of useful CTypes, but there are others. This tutorial uses a CType from [the test CTypeHUB](https://test.ctypehub.galaniprojects.de). You can also create your own CTypes.

> Futch a CType using the `fetchFromChain` method, passing the `$id` of the CType you want to fetch.

Reviewer: hehe what happened here

Author: ```suggestion
Fetch a CType using the `fetchFromChain` method, passing the `$id` of the CType you want to fetch.
```
